.TH OPEN_MNLINK 1 2025-Aug "" "Open a connection to the MySQL database for the spectrum data pool system"
.SH NAME
open_mnlink \- open_mnlink(user, passwd,
    <i>host</i> = <span style='color: brown;'><strong>'127.0.0.1'</strong></span>,
    <i>port</i> = <span style='color: green;'>3306</span>)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIopen_mnlink(user, passwd,
    <i>host</i> = <span style='color: brown;'><strong>'127.0.0.1'</strong></span>,
    <i>port</i> = <span style='color: green;'>3306</span>)\fR
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBuser\fB \fR\- . Character string specifying the MySQL username for authentication.
.PP
.PP
\fBpasswd\fB \fR\- . Character string containing the password for the MySQL user.
.PP
.PP
\fBhost\fB \fR\- '127.0.0.1'. Character string specifying the host address of the MySQL server. Default is "127.0.0.1" (localhost).
.PP
.PP
\fBport\fB \fR\- 3306. Integer specifying the port number for the MySQL connection. Default is 3306 (standard MySQL port).
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
Returns a MySQL connection object (CLR object) that can be used for subsequent database operations. The connection is configured to use the "sample_pool" database.
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
This function loads required packages (graphQL and hpc) and initializes a connection using the specified credentials. Ensure MySQL service is running at the target host/port.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
\dontrun{ conn <- open_mnlink(user = "admin", passwd = "password", host = "db.server.com") }
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
\code{\link[graphQL]{mysql}} for MySQL connection management
.SH FILES
.PP
SMRUCC/R#.declare_function.open_mnlink at mn_tools.R:line 25
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © xieguigang, MIT Licensed 2025
